Add a datasource for dashboard lists (#657)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/data-sources/dashboard_list.md

---
page_title: "datadog_dashboard_list"
---

# datadog_dashboard_list Data Source

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing dashboard list, for use in other resources. In particular, it can be used in a dashboard to register it in the list.

## Example Usage

```
data "datadog_dashboard_list" "test" {
  name = "My super list"
}
```

## Argument Reference

> - `name`: (Required) A monitor name to limit the search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: (Required) A dashboard list name to limit the search.
```
